README.md, before:

# Among Us Cross (Cross Platform)
A recreation of Among Us with new features and completely rewritten for the Nintendo 3DS (Wii and DS support coming soon)


### This is a prototype
This is not complete in the slightest. Check back later for more updates!

## THIS PROJECT IS NOT COMPLETE!
It has many bugs and quirks that need to be worked out, but I am commited to completing this remake.


# Why did you make this?
Among Us is a very unique game, making use of multiplayer in very interesting ways, but, one day, I thought, I'm a crappy programmer and I haven't programmed in C in my entire life, why not make a remake of Among Us for my faithful 3DS in one of the hardest programming languages?

# How did you make this?
I copied a lot of code from examples mainly, but I will use the UDS functions from devkitPro for local multiplayer (which I find REALLY cool.) And I also used citro2d to render things on screen, and for other things, it was just trial and error with variables and math functions, otherwise known as torment.

# How can I help this project?
I don't take donations, but I would like it if you contributed useful information in the issues tab, I would like help or at least documentation with local multiplayer, and you can feel free to create a pull request if you'd like to contribute a feature to this remake.

Commit message:

Major README Rewrite (it's about time)

README.md, after:

# Among Us Cross (Cross Platform)
A recreation of Among Us with new features and completely rewritten for the Nintendo 3DS (Wii and DS support coming soon)

## This branch is marked as _not currently functional_. So do not expect builds that do _anything_
But on that note, this branch will be completed in a mild period of time, so don't worry!

# How to compile Among Us Cross (ALL platforms)

There is a list of things you'll have to do to compile AU3DS/AUCross:

1. Install the right dependencies:
   devkitPro (with proper tools selected for which version you're compiling)
   
   vcplib (Look at my account or just search it up here on github)
   
   (Wii) GRRLIB
   
   No additional tools are required besides the ones that come with devkitPro after you install vcplib (install GRRLIB if on Wii)
   
3. Download the source code for the version you want to compile
4. Go to that folder and open a terminal there, type in "make" then hit enter, it should compile.
5. Grab the file you got:

   (Wii) .dol
   
   (3DS) .3dsx
   
   (DS) .nds
   
7. Put that file onto your console (there are various ways across consoles, I'm not gonna get into that though.)

You have officially compiled Among Us Cross!

# Can I use your code, or at least, base my code off of yours?
Yes. I am a pretty bad programmer, but if you want to use my code, you are welcome, I do not own the Among Us franchise, nor do I claim the rights to the audio, graphics, or mechanics.
